We are under assault.
I repeat, we are under assault.
And yesterday, light was on.
We're more stingy than any official
paid by the 100-year-old Joe Poo-Karabakh.
Our first victim of the Scardis and families
we have very concerned is here.
This is not a war from the repeat.
It's not a war.
But hear me, and rejoice.
You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan.
You may think this is suffering.
No, it is salvation.
Universal scales tip toward balance
because of your sacrifice.
Smile.
For even in death, you have become children of sanos.
I know what it's like to lose.
Feel so desperately that you're right.
Yet to fail, nonetheless.
It's frightening.
Turns the legs to jelly.
I ask you to what end?
Dread it.
Run from it.
Destiny is a story.
It's a story.
Dread it.
Run from it.
Destiny arrives all the same.
And now it's here.
What should I say?
I am.
You talk too much.
The Tesseract.
Or your brother's head.
I assume you have a preference.
No, I do.
Kill away.
Rock.
We don't have the Tesseract.
It was destroyed on Asgard.
I am the worst brother.
I assure you, brother.
I assure you, brother. The sun will shine on us again.
Your optimism is misplaced as God.
Well, for one thing, I'm not as guardian.
And for another, we have a hope.
Let him have his fun.
Hetgазывla
F recognizing.
Let the dark match fall in the middle of us
That was a mistake
Oh
We're going to die
My humble personage
Bowes before your brandia
No other being has ever had the might
Nay the nobility
To wield not one but two infinity stones
The universe lies within your grass
Oh
There are two more stones on earth
Find the my children and bring them to me on time
Father we will not feed you if I might interject if you're going to earth
You might want to guide
Do you have a bit of experience in that arena?
If you consider fail your experience I consider experience experience
or mighty Thanos I
Loki
Prince of Asgard
Oh
Denson
The rightful king of the open home
God of mischief
Do hereby pledge to you
my undying
fidelity
Undying
You should choose your words more carefully
You
Will never be
No
Resurrection's this time
Okay
Oh
Seriously you don't have any money attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual I'll tell the guys of the deli
Maybe they'll make your metaphysical Alan Ryan wait wait wait wait until get 200 dollars
Who peace which is
Oh, what gonna hot? What do you want?
George I wouldn't say no to a tuna
Thanos is coming
Oh
Slow down. I'll tell it out. No, I'm not lost me look you know how you're having a dream and then dream you got a pee
Yeah, okay, and then you're like oh my god. There's no bathrooms when I'm gonna do oh
Someone's watching all the way and then you wake up and in real life you actually have to pee yes
Yeah, okay everybody has that right that's the point. I'm trying to make it I
Proposed that last night I dreamt we had a kid
So real
We named him after your extensor uncle. What was his name Morgan Morgan?
So you woke up and not really we were
Expecting yes, I had a dream about it was so real if you want to have a kid
You wouldn't know that
I'm glad you brought this up because it's nothing. It's just a housing unit for nanopartes
Not helping this is detachments not a you don't need that I know I had the surgery. I'm just trying to protect us
Future us and that's it just in case there's a monster in the closet. It's sitting in a shirt
You know me so well
You finished all my sentences
You should have shirts in your closet. Yeah
You know this should be no more surprises. You're gonna have nice dinner tonight show off this Harry windstone
Right and we should have no more surprises ever. I should promise you. Yes. I will
You
Tony Stark. I'm doctor Steven Strange. I need you to come with me
Oh, congratulations on the wedding by the way, I'm sorry. You give it out tickets or something we need your help
Look, it's not over selling it to save the fate of the universe at stake and who's we?
Hey, Tony Bruce
Okay
At the dawn of the universe, there was nothing
Big banks and six elemental crystals hurtling across the Virgin universe
His infinity stones each control an essential aspect of existence
Spaces
reality
power
soul
Mind
and time
Tell me his name again, Thanos
He's a plague Tony he invades planets he takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He said Loki
Detect on New York that's him
What's our timeline no telling he has the power and space stones that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe if he gets his hands on all six stones
Tony you could destroy life on a scale hitherto on dreamt on
It's just seriously just a hitherto on dreamt of seriously leaning on the call during the cosmos
I'm going to allow then
If Thanos needs all six why don't we just stick this one down a garbage disposal?
No, can do we swore on oath to protect the time stone with our lives
And I swear I've dairy, but then Ben and Jerry's named a flavor after me. So start craving his lips not been
Chucky I have got whole good burning fudge as I've favorite that's a thing whatever point is things change our oath to protect the time stone
Cannot change and this stone may be the best chance we have against them
So conversely it may also be his best chance against us. So if we don't do our jobs. What is your job exactly besides making blue and animals?
Protecting your reality. Do you back? Okay guys?
We can quit table is discussion right now. The fact is is that we have this stone. We know where it is
Vision is out there somewhere with the mind stone and we have to find him now
Yeah, that's the thing. What do you mean two weeks ago vision turned off his transponder?
He's offline what?
Tony you lost another super bot didn't lose him. He's more than that. He's evolving who could find vision
Probably Steve Rogers. Oh, right maybe
But
Call
It's not that easy
God we haven't caught up in a spell have we oh the Avengers broke up. We're toast broke up
Like a band like like the Beatles kept my fellow hard
We're not as big in terms
Tony listen to me
For God
Bad house is coming it doesn't matter who you're talking to or not
You
Say doc you wouldn't happen to be moving your hair would you?
Not at the moment now
No
Here
The
I got you on you.
I need you to concentrate
Shit, we're all gonna die!
There's a space ship!
We're gonna die!
Yeah!
What's the matter with you kids?
You've never seen a spaceship before?
Right, he's at anyone's south of 43rd Street.
Notify 3rd responders.
We'll do.
You're the only one who can't get out of here.
Give me every choice.
You are about to die the hands of the children of Thanos.
Yes, sir.
Be thankful that your meaningless lives are now contributing to the power of Earth.
I'm sorry, Earth is closed today.
You better pack it up and get out of here.
Stuntie, but...
Does this chattering animals speak for you?
Certainly not, I speak for myself.
I could trust passing in this city and on this planet.
He needs to get lost, Squidward.
He exudes to me.
Bring me the stone.
Oh, shit.
Do you want to piece?
No, not really, but wouldn't do ever give it all on it.
That's right.
God!
Been a while.
It's gonna be good to have you, buddy.
I just...
I need God to try to have fun, so I can...
Come on, come on, Max.
God!
Where's your gun?
I don't know, it's never gonna be having a thing.
It's no time for a thing.
No, I don't mind.
That's the thing right there.
Let's go.
Shag!
Yeah!
Dude, you're embarrassing me for no reason.
Sorry, either I can't or he won't.
It's okay.
Stand down.
Keep going on him.
Thank you.
I have to hold him.
Where'd that come from?
It's Nanotech.
You like it?
You're a little soft, man.
You got a good one, you got a good one.
Your battery, if the rest of your green friend won't be joining us.
Go!
You gotta get that stone out of here now.
It stays with me.
Exactly.
Bye.
Tony, you okay?
How are we doing?
Good, Pat?
Really, really good.
You plan on helping out?
I'm trying, you don't come out.
Come on.
Come on!
What are you doing to me?
What do you mean no?
Hey, man.
What's up, Mr. Stark?
Kid, where'd you come from?
A field trip.
Come on!
What is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark?
He's from space.
He came here to steal a necklace from me with wizard.
Let me drop him.
Let me go!
Well, how is that quick?
You must be popular with the children.
It's a simple spell, but quite unbreakable.
Then I'll take it off your corpse.
You're fired.
Removing a dead man's spell.
Trouble some.
You'll only wish you a day.
No!
Kid, that's the wizard.
Get on him.
Money!
Not good.
Got you!
Oh, thanks!
Stork!
I'm Beam Beam Daps.
Hang on, kid.
Go!
Whoa!
Longer invited to my wedding.
Maybe a little juice Friday.
Unlocked 17A.
He got a let go. I'm gonna catch you.
You said save the wizard!
I can't breathe.
We're too high up. You're running out of air.
Yeah.
Let me see.
Oh!
Mr. Stark, it smells like a new car in here.
Having trail scan? Friday's at a mall.
Yep.
Oh, come on!
Boss, aim coming call from Miss Pots.
Tony?
Oh my god, I need more right.
What's going on?
Yeah, I'm fine. I just think we might have to push our A30 Res.
Just cut us all probably not make it back for a while.
Tony, I'm not on that ship.
Yeah.
God, I'm not pleased.
Honey, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I don't know what you're saying.
Cut.
Right now.
Back.
Boss, we're doing the turn.
I'm going to.
Oh my god.
Oh, I should've stayed on the bus.
Where you going?
Times don't spin ticket.
Sack them remains unguarded.
What will you do?
I'm going to make a call.
Got speed to move into this.
That's not the man off the ground.
You lift it in well.
At the sky on the Indianian.
Come on, get with me.
Hey, yo, man, you sound for the rubber band.
Man, you think I'm dead?
You think I'm dead?
I'm such a savior, man.
You're bound to risk of trouble when the rubber band stops the jam.
Why are we doing this again?
It's a distress signal rocket.
Someone could be dying.
I get that, but why are we doing it?
Because we're nice.
Maybe whoever it is will give us a little chick a cheese for our average.
Which isn't the point.
I mean, if he doesn't pony up.
You take his shoe.
Exactly.
Bingo.
All right.
We are arriving.
All right, Guardians.
Don't forget this might be dangerous, so let's put on our mean faces.
Group, put that thing away.
Now, I don't want to tell you again.
Group.
And?
Oh, wait.
Hey.
You got some acorns on you, kid.
Ever since you got a little sap, you're a total de-home.
Now keep it up.
And I'm going to smash that thing to faces.
What happened?
Oh, my God.
Looks like we're not getting paid.
Oh, my God!
My first!
Get it off!
How the hell is this dude still alive?
He is not a dude.
You're a dude.
This...
This is a man.
I had some muscular man.
I'm muscular.
Who are you kidding?
Well, you won sandwich away from fat.
Yeah, right.
It's true.
You have to put away...
What?
Come on, do you think I'm...
He's anxious.
Angry?
He feels tremendous loss and guilt.
He's like a pirate and had a baby with an angel.
Wow.
Is there a real wake up call for me?
Okay.
I'm going to get a boflex.
I'm going to commit.
I'm going to get some dumbbells.
You know you can't eat dumbbells, right?
It's like his muscles are made of cutotty metal fibers.
Stop massaging his muscles.
Wake him up.
Wake?
No! No, no, no!
What the hell are you guys?
The entire time on Youth Thanos, he only ever had one goal.
To bring balance to the universe by wiping out half of all life.
He used to kill people planted by planet, massacre by massacre.
Including my own.
If he gets all six infinity stones, he can do it with the snap of his fingers like this.
You seem to know a great deal about Thanos.
Kamora, listen to daughter of Thanos.
Your father killed my brother.
Oh boy.
Stepfather.
Technically, she hates him as much as you do.
Foulness can be tough.
Before my father died, he told me that I had a half sister.
Was he imprisoned in hell?
Then she returned home and stopped me in the eye, so I had to kill her.
That's life that was nice.
Round and round.
I feel the pain.
I feel your pain as well.
Because, I mean, it's not a competition, but I've been through a lot.
My father killed my mother, and then I had to kill my father.
And that was hard.
Probably even harder than having to kill a sister.
Plus I came out with both my eyes.
Which was a pain in the hell.
I'm not a spiel man.
How do I open this thing?
That's some sort of a...
A four-digit code, maybe.
They've been birthday to me.
What are you doing?
Taking your pod.
No, you're not.
You're not.
You're taking our pod today, sir.
Well, are you making your voice deeper?
No, you are.
You're entertaining the god, man.
It's weird.
Oh, I'm not.
He just did it again.
This is my voice.
You're mocking me.
Are you mocking me?
Stop it, you just did it again.
He's trying to copy me.
I mean, it just sucks to know he's doing it first.
We need to stop Thanos.
Which means we need to find out where he's going next.
No, uh...
He must be going somewhere.
No, no, nowhere.
It's a place we've been there.
Sucks.
Excuse me, that's our food.
Nothing more.
Thor, why would he go to nowhere?
Because for years, the reality stones have been safely stored.
They're with a man called the collector.
If it's with the collector, then it's not safe.
Only an idiot would give that man a stone.
Or a genius.
How do you know he's not going for one of the other stones?
There are six stones out there.
Thanos already has the power stone because he stole it last week.
He decimated Zanda.
He stole it last week.
He stole the space stone from me.
When he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half of my people.
The time and mine stones are safe on Earth that were with the Avengers.
The Avengers?
The Earth's my dearest heroes.
Like Kevin Bacon?
Maybe he may be on the team.
I don't know. I haven't been there in a while.
As for the soul stone, we'll know once I've seen that.
No one even knows where it is.
Therefore Thanos can't get it.
Therefore he's going to nowhere.
Hence he'll be getting the reality stone.
You're welcome.
Then we have to go to nowhere now.
Wrong.
What we have to go is never to live.
That's a made-up word.
All words made-up.
Medieval era is real.
Seriously?
I mean, that place is a legend.
They make the most powerful horrific weapons.
They've been told that the universe.
I would very much like the golet, please.
The rabbit is correct and clearly the smartest among you.
Right.
Only each of you the dwarf can make me the weapon I need.
But she'll be on the captain, sir.
You're very perceptive.
You seem like a noble leader.
Will you join me on my quest in the middle of the live?
Let me just ask the captain.
Wait a second.
It's me.
Yeah, I'll go.
Wonderful.
Except for that I'm the captain.
Quiet.
That's my backpack.
Go sit down.
Look, this is my ship.
And I'm not going to...
What kind of weapon are we talking about here?
The Thanos killing kind.
Don't you think that we should all have a weapon like that?
No.
You should be locked to strength.
The will of the new bodies would crumble as your minds collapsed into madness.
Is it weird that I want to do it even more now?
A little bit.
If we don't go to nowhere and Thanos retrieves another stone,
he'll be too powerful to stop.
You already is.
I gotta figure it out.
We got two ships and a largest saunman of morons.
So me and Groop will go with the pirate angel here.
And the morons will go to nowhere to try to stop Thanos.
Cool?
Cool.
So cool.
For the record?
I know that you're only going with him because it's worth Thanos, isn't it?
You know, you really shouldn't talk that way to your captain, Quill.
Come on, Groop.
Put that game down.
You're right, you're brain.
Did you fare well and good luck, morons?
Bye.
Fizz?
Is it the stone again?
It's as if it's speaking to me.
What does it say?
I don't know.
It's something.
Hey.
Tell me what you feel.
I just feel you.
So there's a 10 a.m. to Earth.
The last nose would give us one time together before he went back.
What if I missed that trick?
There's an 11.
What if I missed all the trials?
One of this time I didn't go back.
I think you gave Stark your word.
You were out to give it to you.
One of their people are expecting to be true.
Both me promises.
Not to each other.
One, two years, we storm these moments, trying to see if this could work.
I don't know.
You know what I'm just going to speak for myself.
I think it works.
It works.
Stay.
Stay with me.
I'm not.
If I'm overstepping.
What are they?
What the storm was warning me about.
I have to go.
Vision.
Vision, if that's true, then maybe going isn't the best idea.
One, two.
No!
Vision.
Vision, if that's true, then maybe going isn't the best idea.
One, two.
No!
The play, it stopped me from facing.
Is that even possible?
I wasn't supposed to be.
I was just so happy.
I'm beginning to think we should have stayed in bed.
Right!
Give up this stone and she lives.
No!
Hands off.
Oh!
Come on.
You gotta get up.
We have to go.
Please, let go.
You asked me to stay.
I'm saying, please.
Get up.
Again.
We don't want to kill you, but we will.
You'll never get the chance again.
Can you stand?
Thank you, guys.
Let's go, Janice.
My thought, we had a deal.
Stay close, check in.
Don't take any chances.
I'm sorry.
We just wanted time.
Where are two of them?
Oh.
We'll be safe.
Mother!
Choose a side or die.
One side is a revelation.
We're from another and all night now, only to a few.
What's wrong, little one?
My mother.
Where is my mother?
What's your name?
The moron?
You're quite the fighter, Gamora.
Come.
Let me help you.
Look.
I'm sorry.
Pretty, isn't it?
Perfectly balanced.
This whole thing should be too much to one side or the other.
Here.
You try.
Now, go ahead and meet your maker.
I'm losing track.
Mmm.
I got it.
Gamora.
Do you know what these grenades are to blow off your junk kind or the gas kind?
Because I was thinking my hanging a couple on my belt right here.
I don't want to.
I ain't to ask a favor.
Yeah, sure.
One way or another, the path that we're on needs to Thanos.
Which is what the grenades are for.
No, I'm sorry.
What's the favor?
If things go wrong, if Thanos gets me.
I want you to promise me.
You'll kill me.
What?
I know something he doesn't.
If he finds it out, the entire universe could be at risk.
What do you know?
If I tell you you'd know too.
If it's so important, shouldn't I?
I'll leave you what I'm dying.
What is somebody always have to die in this area?
Just...
Trust me.
You possibly kill me.
I mean, I'd like to.
I really would.
Swarding me.
Swarding me on your mother.
Okay.
Oh, dude.
How long have you been standing there?
An hour.
An hour?
Are you serious?
I've mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still.
And I've become invisible to him.
Watching.
You're eating his argnut.
But my movement.
I'm so slow that it's imperceptible.
I'm sure I'm invisible.
Hi, Drax.
Hey.
This place looks deserted.
Can we do movement?
The third quadrature.
Yeah, picking that up too.
Let's put down over here.
This place looks deserted.
Can we do movement?
The third quadrature.
Yeah, picking that up too.
Let's put down over here.
Okay.
Everyone will get to see an ocean.
There's a fine where any of the slightest trick into your pathetic collection.
I know you have the reality.
Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering.
I told you.
I sold it.
Why would I lie?
I imagine it's like breathing for you.
Like suicide.
You do understand.
Not even you surrender something so precious.
I didn't know what it was.
I knew what a show that I took you for.
It's a last chance I'll go.
Where's the stone?
Today.
He pays for the dust of my wife and daughter.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It doesn't pass.
There's no stone yet.
We get it.
Then we can stop him.
We have to get the stone first.
Yeah.
No.
For a vet.
For a chumeria.
Sleep.
Okay.
Come on.
Mantis, you go right.
The other right.
You.
Why?
Why are you?
Don't.
Alice, click.
What's your business?
You've been sadness, I sense in your daughter.
And my heart I know you still cared.
But what never knows for sure.
The reality is often disappointing.
That is, it was.
Now.
Reality can be whatever I want.
You knew I'd come.
I killed Luna.
There's something we need to discuss, little one.
No!
Let her go, Grimis.
Peter.
I told you to go right.
Now.
You let her go!
Ah, the boyfriend.
I like to think of myself more as a titan killing long term booty call.
Let her go.
I'm gonna blow that nut sack of a chin right off your face.
Not him.
You promised.
No daughter.
You expect too much for me?
She's asked, has it she?
Do it.
You.
Don't!
Ah.
I told you to go right.
I love you more than anything.
I love you too.
I like you.
Wait a minute.
Still no work from Vision?
Sad lights lost somewhere over Edinburgh.
You know, in a stolen clinch at with four of the world's most wanted criminals.
You know they're only criminals because you've chosen to call them that, right?
Thank God, bro.
It's your talent for horse shit, rivals, mind.
If it weren't for those accords, Vision would have been right here.
I remember your signature on those papers, Colonel.
That's right.
I'm pretty sure I paid for that.
You have second thoughts?
Not anymore.
Mr. Secretary?
You got some nerve of...
How could you be that?
You could use some of that right now.
The world's on fire.
And you think...
All is forgiven?
I'm not looking for forgiveness.
And I'm way past asking permission.
Birth just lost your best defender.
So we're here to fight.
And if you want to stand in our way,
we'll fight you too.
I'll rest them.
I'll over it.
That's the court motion.
It's great to see you, Colonel.
You too, right?
Well, you guys really look like crap.
Must have been a rough couple of years.
Yeah, well, the hotel's one exactly five-star.
I think you look great.
Yeah, I'm back.
Hi, Bruce.
Matt.
This is awkward.
So we got us soon. They're coming back, right?
And they can clearly find us.
We need all hands on deck. Where's Clint?
After the whole court situation,
we have Diel, who's too tough on their families on House arrest.
Who's Scott?
Yeah, man.
There's an and-and-a spider, Matt.
Look, Thanos has the biggest army in the universe.
And he is not going to stop until he gets...
Visions stone.
Well, then we have to protect it.
No, we have to destroy it.
I've been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head about its nature.
Also, it's composition.
I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source,
something very similar to its own signature perhaps.
It's molecular integrity, good faith.
And you, with it,
we're not having this conversation.
Eliminating the stone is the only way to be certain that Thanos can't get it.
That's too high a price.
Only you have the power to pay it.
Thanos threatens off the universe.
One life cannot stand in the way of feeding him.
But it should.
We don't trade lives.
We kept in 70 years ago,
you'd lay down your life to save how many millions of people.
Tell me, why is this any different?
Because you might have a choice.
Your mind is made up of a complex construct of overlays,
Jarvis, Ultron, Tony, me, the stone.
All of them mixed together.
All of them learning from one another.
You're saying vision isn't just the stone?
I'm saying that if we take out the stone,
there's still a whole lot of vision left, perhaps the best parts.
Can we do that?
Not me, not here.
Well, you better find someone and somewhere fast.
Ross isn't just going to let you guys have your old moons back.
I know somewhere.
The King's God and the Dora Malash have been alletted.
The bother tribe?
Those that are left.
Send the white to the tribe already as well.
Raku likes the old sides.
Here we come, Kat.
Then what of this one?
This one may be tired of war,
but the white wolf has rested long enough.
Where is the fight?
On its way.
In all the time I've served Thanos,
I have never failed him.
If I were to reach our rendezvous on Titan,
with the timestamps ill-attached or vaguely irritating person,
there would be judgment.
Give me.
What the stuff?
Wow, you were seriously loyal piece of outta where is your...
Yeah, I was speaking of loyalty.
What?
What's up?
I know what you're gonna say.
You should not be here.
I was gonna go home.
I just thought about you and now I gotta hear.
The stuff to the side of the ship and this suit is...
...particularly intuitive, by the way.
So if anything, it's kinda your fault that I'm here.
What did you just say?
I take that back.
And now I'm here in space.
Yeah, right where I didn't want you to be.
It's as if calling me a highland and something future.
This is all a way ticket.
You hear me?
Don't pretend you felt this thing.
I know you did.
You could not know.
You can't be a friendly neighborhood spider-man if there's no neighborhood.
Okay, that didn't really make sense, but you know what I'm trying to say.
Come on, we're gonna situation.
I'll see you down there.
You can trouble with your plan.
Go.
Okay, okay.
Okay, do you ever see this really old movie aliens?
I'm there.
They were originally designed for microsurgeon.
And any one of them.
Good and your friend's life in an instant.
I gotta tell you he's not really my friend.
Saving his life is more of a professional courtesy.
You've saved nothing.
Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine.
Yeah, but the kids seem more moviesome.
Yeah.
Wait, what are those?
Ah!
Okay, we have an efficiently led.
Cool.
Gotta turn the ship around.
Yeah.
Now he wants to run.
Great.
I want to protect the stone.
And I want you to thank me now.
Go ahead. I'm listening.
For what?
You're really blasting me in this space?
Who just saved your bench glass?
Me.
I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet.
Admit it. You should have ducked out when I told you to.
I tried to bench you. You refused.
Unlike everyone else in your life. I don't work for you.
And due to that fact, we're now in a flying donut.
Billions of miles from Earth with no backup.
I'm back up?
No. You're still away.
The adults are talking.
I'm sorry. I'm confused as to the relationship here.
What is your ward?
No.
I'm Peter by the way.
Dr. Strange.
Oh, you're using the made-up names.
I'm... I'm Spider-Man then.
This ship is self-correcting its course.
Things are not a pilot.
Can we control it?
Fly us home?
Stark.
Yeah.
Can you get us home?
Yeah, I heard you.
I think I'm not so sure we should.
Under no circumstances can we bring the time stone to Thanos.
I don't think you quite understand what's its snow.
It's you who doesn't understand that Thanos has been inside my head for six years since he sent an army to New York and now he's back.
And I don't know what to do.
So I'm not so sure if it's a better plan if I'd want to alter it for his, but you saw what they did, what they can do.
The reason is, Trophy's not expecting it.
So I say we take the fight to him.
Doctor.
Do you concur?
Alright, Stark.
We go to him.
But you have to understand, if it comes to saving you or the kid or the time stone, I will not hesitate to let either of you die.
I can't, because the universe depends on it.
Nice.
Good. More comes.
Restream.
Our kid.
You're an eventually no.
I thought you might be hungry.
I always hated that chair.
So I've been told, even so, I helped you set a new one day.
I hated that room.
A shop.
I hated my life.
You told me that too.
Every day.
For almost 20 years.
Who's a child when you took me?
I saved you.
No.
We were happy on my own planet.
You're in the bed hungry.
Scroozing for scraps.
Your planet was on the brink of collapse.
I'm the one who stopped that.
You know what's happened since then?
The children born.
Have known nothing, but full bellies and clear skies, it's a paradise.
Because you murdered half the planet.
A small prize to pay for salvation.
You're insane.
Little one, it's a simple calculus.
This universe is finite.
It's resources finite.
You've done checked life.
Who ceased to exist?
It needs correctness.
You don't know that.
I'm the only one who knows that.
At least I'm the only one with the will to act on it.
For a time.
You.
Had that same will.
As you fought by my side.
Daughter.
I'm not your daughter.
Everything I heard about myself, he told me.
Then in doing so, major the fiercest woman in the galaxy.
That's why I trusted you to find the Soul Stone.
I'm sorry I disappointed you.
I am disappointed.
And that because you didn't find it.
But because you did.
And you lied.
Don't do this.
Sometime ago your sister snuck aboard this ship to kill me.
I'm sorry.
Don't do this.
No, your sister snuck aboard this ship to kill me.
Please don't do this.
She very nearly succeeded.
So I brought her here.
To talk.
No!
Stop it.
I swear to you on my life.
I never found the Soul Stone.
Accessing memory files.
You know what he's about to do.
He's finally ready.
And he's going for the stones.
All of them never get them all.
He's with.
He can't, Nebula.
Because I found the map to the Soul Stone.
And I burnt it to ash.
I burnt it.
You're strong.
Me.
The generous.
But I never taught you to lie.
That's why you're so bad at it.
Where is the Soul Stone?
Ah!
Barmier!
This stone is on Barmier.
Show me.
I am grotesque.
Take a look at the cup.
We're not looking.
We'll see it as seen.
What's it to wait?
Everybody see it?
I'm grotesque.
Take a look at the cup.
We're not looking.
We'll see it as seen.
What's it to wait?
Everybody see it?
I'm grotesque.
I'm a tree forward.
It's in the cup out in the space.
You can go on the cup again.
You speak grotesque.
Yes, the door is on Asgard.
It was an elective.
I am grotesque.
You'll know what we're close.
If it lives forge, harnesses the blazing power of a neutron star.
It's the birthplace of my hammer.
It's truly awesome.
Okay.
Time to be the captain.
So, dead brother, huh?
Yeah, I could be annoying.
Well, he's been dead before.
You know, this time I think it really might be true.
And you said you're sister and your dad.
Both dead.
But still got a mom, though?
Killed by a darker.
A best friend?
Stubbed through the heart.
You sure you're up to this particular motor mission?
Absolutely.
A rage and vengeance, anger, loss, regret,
the ultimate is motive.
They really clear the mind.
So, I'm good to go.
Yeah, but I mean, the stannos we're talking about.
He's the toughest there is.
Well, he's never fought me.
Yeah, he has.
He's never fought me twice.
And I'm getting a new hammer, don't forget.
Well, I better be some hammer.
You know, I'm 1500 years old.
I've killed twice as many enemies as that.
And every one of them would have rather killed me,
but none succeeded.
I'm only alive because fate wants me alive.
The Thanos is just the latest and long line of bastards
and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance, fate.
Will's it so?
Mm-hmm.
And what if you're wrong?
Well, if I'm wrong, then...
What more could I lose?
I can't lose him.
Okay.
Well, if fate does want you to kill that crap sack,
you're gonna need more than one stupid eyeball.
What's this?
What's it look like?
Some jerk lost a bet with me in contracts here.
They gave you a zah.
Nah, he gave me a hundred credits.
I schnucked him in his room later that night, stole his eye.
Thank you, sweet Robert.
Oh.
I would have watched that.
The only way I could sneak it off contracts here was a lie.
Hey, we're here.
I don't think this thing works. Everything seems dark.
I hate the eye.
Something's wrong.
The stars got out.
And the rings of Frozen are.
I hope these two are of the better and fortune than they are cleaning.
Maybe they realized that they live in a junk pile in a middle of space.
This forge hasn't gone dark in centuries.
You said Thanos had a gauntlet, right?
Yes, what?
You look anything like that?
I am broke.
Good back to the pod.
The tree waits.
Stop.
So?
What happened here?
You were supposed to protect us.
I thought was supposed to protect us.
As God is destroyed.
The tree.
I love what did you do?
Huh?
Three hundred walls have done this ring.
I thought you'd find out what he asked. They'd be safe.
I made what he wanted.
A device capable of harnessing the power of the stars.
And then he killed everyone anyway.
Who accepted me?
Your life is yours, he said.
But your hands.
Your hands are mine alone.
You treat this as an abound your hands.
Every weapon you've ever designed every axe hammer sawed at all inside your head.
Now I know it feels like all hope has lost trust me.
I know.
But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.
Um?
Mountess?
Listen very carefully.
I need you to meet me on Titan.
Okay, what's going on?
I think we're here.
I don't think this rig has a self-park function.
Get your hand inside the steering gimbal.
Close those around it.
Understand?
Yes, we've got it.
We've got to move it at the same time.
Okay, ready?
I might not want to turn.
Turn, turn, turn!
All right?
That was close.
Oh, you want it?
I don't want to turn.
I want to turn.
All right?
That was close.
Oh, you want it?
Let me just say, if aliens wind up in planning eggs in my chest or something,
and I eat one of you, I'm sorry.
I do not want another single pot culture reference.
I do you forgresting the trick, you understand?
I'm trying to say that something is coming.
Thanos!
No!
Oh, no!
Please don't put your eggs in me!
No!
Stay down!
Oh, no!
Die!
Flake it up!
Yes!
Everybody stay where you are till the end bout!
I'm going to ask you this one time.
Where is Gamora?
Yeah, I'll do you one better.
Who's Gamora?
I'll do you one better.
Why is Gamora?
Tell me where the girl is or I swear to you, I'm going to French fry this little freak.
Let's do it.
You shoot my guy and I'll blast him.
Let's go!
Do it, Quill.
I can take it.
No, he can't take it.
You can't.
Oh yeah, you don't want to tell me where she is?
That's fine.
I'll kill all three of you and I'll beat it out of Thanos myself.
Starting with you.
Wait, what?
Down.
Alright, let me ask you this one time.
What master do you serve?
What master do I serve?
What am I supposed to say, Jesus?
You're from Earth.
Not from Earth, I'm from Missouri.
Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit.
What do you have so long as for?
So you're not with Thanos?
With Thanos?
No.
I'm here to kill Thanos.
He took my girl away.
Who are you?
Where are the Avengers, man?
You're the ones Thor told us about.
You know Thor.
Yeah.
Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.
Where is he now?
This is the plan we're going to hit him with a brick.
It's a mold.
A king's weapon meant to be the greatest in ours, God.
In theory, it could even summon the Bifrost.
That have a name.
Stormbreaker.
Yeah, it's a bit much.
So how do we make it?
You left a restart, the forge.
To awaken the heart of a dying star.
Rabbit, fire up the pod.
The hell happened to this planet?
It's eight degrees off its axis.
Gravitational pull is all over the place.
Yeah, we got one advantage.
He's coming to us.
We'll use it.
All right, I have a plan.
We're at least the beginnings of one.
It's pretty simple.
We draw them in, pin them down, get what we need.
Definitely don't want to dance with this guy.
We just want the gauntlet.
Are you yawning?
In the middle of this?
Well, I'm breaking it down.
Huh?
Did you hear what I said?
Stop listening after you said we need a plan.
Okay, Mr. Kling is on his own page.
See, not winging it isn't really what they do.
What exactly is it that they do?
Kick names, take us.
Yeah, that's fine.
All right, just get over here, please.
Mr. Lord, can you get your folks to circle out?
Mr. Lord.
Star Lord is fine.
We've got to call us.
Because if all we come out of him with is a plucky attitude.
Dude, don't call us plucky.
We don't know what it means.
All right, we're optimistic, yes.
I like your plan, except it sucks.
So let me do the plan and that way, it might be really good.
Tell him about the dance off to save the universe.
But dance off.
It's not a, it's not a, it's not a...
I can fo-oost a movie.
Exactly like fo-oost.
Is it still the greatest movie in history?
It never was.
Don't encourage this, all right?
We're getting no help from Flash Gordon here.
Flash Gordon?
By the way, that's a compliment.
Don't forget.
I'm half human, so that 50% of me, that's stupid.
That's 100% you.
Your math is blowing my mind.
Excuse me?
But does your friend often do that?
Strange.
Are we all right?
Be back, you're...
Hey, what was that?
Looking forward in time.
To view alternate futures.
To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.
How many did you see?
14,605.
How many were we in?
One.
The stone had better be up there.
For a sister's sake.
The stone.
Welcome, Athenos.
Son of Elis.
Camara.
Doctor Athenos.
You know us.
It is my cursed, not all, who Johnny is.
Where is the Soul Stone?
You should know.
He extracts a terrible price.
I'm prepared.
We all think that at first.
We are all wrong.
How is it you know this place so well?
A lifetime ago.
I too sought the stones.
I even healed one in my hand.
But it cursed me out.
Banished me here.
Guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.
What you seek lies in front of you.
As does what you fear.
What's this?
The price.
The Soul holds a special place among the infinity stones.
You might say it is a certain wisdom.
But it is a very important thing.
Tell me what it means.
To ensure that whoever possesses it understands its power.
The stone demands a sacrifice.
Of what?
In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love.
Soul... for a soul.
All my life, I dreamed of a day.
A moment...
When you got what you deserved.
And I was always so disappointed.
But now...
You kill...
And torture.
And you call it mercy.
The universe has judged you.
You asked it for a prize.
And I told you no one.
You failed.
And do you want to know why?
Because you love nothing.
No one.
Really?
Tears?
They're not for him.
No.
This isn't love.
I ignored my destiny once.
I cannot do that again.
Even for you.
I'm sorry, little one.
I'm sorry.
Chapter 2600 heading 030.
I hope you're right about this.
We're going to land a lot faster than you want to.
When you said we were going to open Wakanda to the rest of the world,
this is not what I imagined.
And what did you imagine?
The Olympics.
Even at Star Wars.
Should we bow?
There he is.
Seems like I'm always thanking you for something.
What are you doing?
We don't do that here.
So how big of an assault should we expect?
Sir, I think you should expect quite a big assault.
How are we looking?
You will have my King's Gotam, the border driver, the Dora Manage.
And...
Let's send my stable 100-year-old man.
How you doing, Buck?
Not bad for the other world.
Oh.
The structure is polymorphic.
Right, we had to attach each neuron non-sequential.
Why didn't you just reprogram this synapsis to work collectively?
Because we didn't think of it?
I'm sure you did your best.
Can you do it?
Yes, but there are more than two trillion neurons here.
One misalignment could cause a cascade of circuit failures.
So take time, brother.
How long?
As long as you can give me.
Something's entered the atmosphere.
What's going on?
I'm not sure.
Hey, Cap, we got a situation here.
God, I love this place.
Yeah, don't start celebrating yet, guys.
We got more incoming outside the dome.
It's too late.
We need to destroy the stone.
They should get your house back on the table.
We will hold them off.
Wanda, as soon as that stone's out of this magnitude,
you blow it to hell.
I will evacuate the city and gauge all defenses.
Get this man a sheet.
I don't think you get the scientific here.
These rings are gigantic.
You want to get them moving.
They're a little bigger than the egg of wolves.
Leave it to me.
Leave it to you.
Buddy, you're in space.
All you got is a wrong thing.
I have the entrance.
More power, Robert.
We'll get more.
That's little rare.
Damn it.
What's the mechanism?
What?
With the iris closed, I can't heat the metal.
How long will it take to heat it?
A few minutes. Maybe more or why?
I'm going to hold it open.
That suicide.
It was facing Thanos without that axe.
How are you looking, Bruce?
Yeah, I think I'm getting the hang of it.
What a hell!
It was so amazing, man.
It's like being a wolf.
That axe...
That was big.
It's okay.
I've got two heat signatures breaking through the tree line.
The fire!
At least I have one.
Beta!
Thank you for standing with us.
I'm for it, too.
Where's your other friend?
He will pay for his life with yours.
Thanos will have that stone.
It's not gonna happen.
You, I and Wakanda now.
Thanos would have nothing but dust.
I'm not sure if he's gonna have a sword.
It's not gonna happen.
He's a dead man.
I don't know.
I'm sure he's not.
He's a dead man.
He'll have nothing but dust and blood.
We have blood to spare.
Is this surrender?
Exactly.
He's a dead man.
What the hell?
Looks like we've hissed her off.
They're killing themselves.
Who's that?
You see the teeth on our things?
Back up, Sammy. I get you wings.
I'll take you to the next one.
Can't put these things sort of in the perimeter
and get in behind us. There's nothing between them in vision.
We better keep them in front of us.
How do we do that?
We open the barrier.
On my signal, open northwest section 7 and 10.
Requesting confirmation, my king.
You said open the barrier?
On my signal.
This will be the end of our conduct.
They need to be the nobest ending in the history.
Bula!
Bukanda, move on!
Go!
How much do you want?
A belly-peeked brother.
You might want to pick up the pest.
You'll fall.
You understand, boy.
You're about to take the full force of a star.
It'll kill you.
And if I die?
Yes.
That's what killing you means.
I'll kill you.
Hold it!
Do I say something?
Do I yield me?
I think he's done.
He needs the axe.
Where's the hot note?
Three! Help me find the handle!
Yes!
It's too many of them!
You guys are so good now!
Oh yeah!
You're much more of a Thanos.
I take it to Mars, Dad.
Mr. Day extracts a heavy toll.
Still he accomplished his mission.
You may regret that.
He brought you face to face with the master of the Mystic Arts.
Where do you think he brought you?
Let me guess.
Your home?
It was.
And it was beautiful.
Titan was like most planets.
20 mounds not enough to go around.
And when we faced extinction I offered a solution.
Genocide.
But random, dispassionate, fair, and rich and poor alike.
They called me a madman.
And what I predict akin to Thanos.
Congratulations, you're a prophet.
I'm a survivor.
Who wants to murder trillions.
The all six stones I could simply snap my fingers.
They would all cease to exist and I call that.
Mercy.
And then what?
I finally rest.
And watch the sunrise on a grateful universe.
The hardest choices require the strongest wills.
I think you'll find our will equal to yours.
Our...
Piece of cake, Will.
Yeah, if your goal was to piss them off.
Oh.
Boom.
Don't run and close his fist.
Magic.
Or magic.
Magic with the kid.
Magic with the...
insect.
Well, well.
You should have killed me.
Would have been a waste of parts.
No.
Where is Gamora?
Is he utter?
Don't let up.
Be quick.
He is very strong.
Parker? Help!
Get over here.
She can't hold my shoulder.
Let's go.
I thought you'd be hard to catch for the record.
This is my plan.
Got so strong now, huh?
Where is Gamora?
I'm here tomorrow.
Shit.
Where is she?
He's in anguish.
Good.
He... he mourns.
What is this monster?
I have to mourn.
Gamora.
What?
You took her to warn me.
He came back with the sauce still.
Okay, Clill.
You got to call it right now.
Do you understand?
Don't, don't.
Don't you case.
We almost got this off!
Tell me she's lying.
Asshole!
Tell me you didn't do it.
I had to...
...pray didn't.
Oh, you didn't.
How you did that?
Stop!
Let's go.
Oh, god.
Shit.
Come and get some, based on...
Come on, get some, get some!
Come on, get some!
How much for the gun?
Not for sale.
Okay, how much for the arms?
I'll get that on.
You okay?
Notice we've copied my beard.
By the way, this is a friend of mine.
I'm free.
I am Steve Rogers.
Go back! Go back now!
Folks that fire on the left flank, Sam.
I'm so with it!
Why was she up there all this time?
She's on the field. Take it.
God, we got a vision situation here.
Somebody get the vision!
I got him!
She'll die alone, as will you.
She's not alone.
I'm free.
Oh, no. I know you don't.
This is gonna be like New York Pal.
This suit's already kicked the crap out of the hall.
Guys, vision needs back on now.
Oh, oh, oh.
I know you're making your entrance in the last second.
Oh, this is it, man.
This is the last, last second.
Oh, screw you, you big green asshole!
I'll do it myself!
Come on!
Oh!
Oh, we got a lot to figure out, pal.
I thought you were a formidable machine.
But you're dying like any man.
Get in here!
Go!
That was really gross.
Oh, I can't.
I can't.
I thought I told you to go on.
We don't afraid lies get it.
I got you! I got you!
Sorry, I can't remember anybody's names.
I'm sorry, I can't remember anybody's names.
Your full of tricks, Wizard.
You never once choose your greatest weapon.
A fake.
You thrown a gun at me.
And I'm gonna lose it.
Stalk.
You know me?
I do.
You're not the only one cursed with knowledge.
My only curse is you.
All that for a drop of blood.
You have my respect, Stark.
When I'm done half of humanity will steal the alive.
I'm gonna lose it all.
You have my respect, Stark.
But I'm done half of humanity will steal the alive.
and he will still be alive.
I hope they remember you.
Stop!
I hope you will remember you.
Spare his life and I will give you this stone.
No tricks.
Don't!
I hope you will remember you.
One to go.
Where is he?
Did we just lose?
Why would you do that?
We're in the end game now.
We're in the end game.
Are you okay?
What is it?
He's here.
Everyone on my position.
We are incoming.
What the...
I'm sorry.
Honda.
It's time.
No.
They can't stop him.
You have the power to destroy the stone.
You must do it.
We are out of time.
I can't.
You can.
If he gets the stone half the universe dies.
It's not...
It shouldn't be you, but it is.
It's alright.
You could never hurt me.
I just feel you.
I'm sorry.
I understand my child.
Better than anyone.
You could never.
Today I lost more than you can know.
But now it's no time to move.
Now it's no time at all.
No.
It's no time at all.
I told you.
You'd die for that.
No.
You should have gone for the head.
What?
No, no.
No.
Don't cry.
Please...
Don't.
You could do it.
Here it is.
What does it cost?
Everything.
What did you do?
Where'd he go?
For.
Steve?
Up, dude.
This is no place to die.
Come on.
No, no, no, no.
Sam!
Sam, where are you at?
Something's happening.
Come on.
Stay here, Quil.
Tony?
There was no other way.
Is this start?
I don't feel so good.
You're alright.
I don't know what's happening.
I don't want to go.
Please, please.
Sam.
You did it.
What is this?
What the hell is happening?
Oh, God.
I don't want to go.
Still no words from Stark?
No, not yet.
We're watching every satellite on both hemispheres.
We still know nothing.
What is it?
Multiple brigades over Wakanda.
Same energy signature from New York.
Ten times bigger.
Tell Klein we'll meet him in a minute.
Nick, Nick, Nick!
Nick, Nick!
Nick!
Are you okay?
There's no one here.
Carl control.
Code red.
Nick!
Nope!
Oh no!
Well done.